[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] In order to defeat
one of the Four Emperors,
the Straw Hats formed
an alliance with Law,
intending to destroy a Devil
Fruit Factory in Dressrosa.
In response, Doflamingo trapped
the kingdom inside a barrier
and challenged
all present to a game.
[NARRATOR]
As the Straw Hats do battle with
the fierce fighters of
the Don Quixote Family,
Luffy and Law rush
to the royal palace
to take down Doflamingo himself.
I miss Greenbit.
Could you please let me go?
Hush, girl. I suppose
I have no choice
but to wring the powers
out of you then!
[MANSHERRY cries]
[MANSHERRY]
Help me! Leo!
Now, wake up, everyone!
Time for the Don Quixote
Family reunion.
Then let me help you with that!
I strung you all together,
so your friends won't get
separated anymore!
Haute Couture! Patch Work, go!
Oh no!
If you keep fighting me like
this, you really are gonna die!
[chuckles] Even if I die,
I can take you down with me.
[groans]
If nothing else,
maybe Doflamingo will
think on me fondly
when I'm gone.
[BELLAMY grunts]
[LUFFY] "The Manly Duel! Señor's
Elegy of Love!"
Stop it! That jerk isn't worth
trading your life for!
I made my choice.
Stop with that crap!
[BELLAMY grunts]
[LEO] We should head back
to Viola and the others.
We're only wasting our
time here, so let's go.
[CUB]
We're coming.
[MANSHERRY]
Leo! Leo!
My leg was hurt bad.
Can you carry me on your back?
Or maybe in your arms?
There you go again,
acting like a big baby.
You can fix your own injuries,
you have healing powers,
you lazy dummy!
Besides, I know you've
always been a good runner.
Stop playing games,
we've gotta hurry.
Meanie! I'm staying then!
What? For real?
You're so selfish!
I never asked for you to
come here and save me, Leo!
[LEO groans]
I put my life on the line!
You are so ungrateful!
Do you really want me
to leave you here?
Go!
Just carry her out
for now. We gotta go.
[LEO]
That hurt.
[MANSHERRY]
Hmph.
You're obnoxious!
Selfish, fickle, despicable,
and mean spirited!
Such a huge, huge
pain in the patootie!
[MANSHERRY]
His back feels nice.
[CUB] Our princess
is just the sweetest!
[CUB]
How thickheaded can Leo be?
[gasps] Big problem!
They took Mansherry and ran off!
Go after the Little People!
They went that way! Seize them!
[GIOLLA]
How embarrassing.
I hate to admit defeat, but the
situation has become dire.
[GIOLLA]
He won't be thrilled,
but I must report
to the Young Master.
I recall him saying that
Mansherry's Devil Fruit
must have a hidden
"ultimate ability."
He believed that
he could use that
if something happened
to the SMILE Factory.
If she traded her life to
call forth that forbidden power,
she could restore it
to its former glory.
Without that failsafe,
we could be in trouble.
[GIOLLA]
I-If nothing is done, then...
The factory is in peril!
It's on you, Señor!
You're our last line of defense!
[FRANKY]
Franky...
[WOMEN]
No! Señor, please be careful!
[FRANKY]
...Strong Hammer!
[INHEL gasps] Oh! He dove
in the ground again!
Fraland, look!
It's the attack dive!
[DWARVES]
Dodge!
Meow-Meow Suplex!
[WOMAN 664A]
Oh! Señor!
[panting]
Señor must be at his limit.
Yeah, neither one
can keep this up.
Fraland!
Something's wrong!
You could have
easily dodged that!
What's with you?
[INHEL] Why'd we see you
take that same move
over and over again?
Stay outta this, Tontattas.
[DWARVES gasp]
Ya' know, Señor's also been hit
with the same punch
30 times in a row, too.
Why would he do that?
When someone offers to
buy a round at the bar,
if you're a real man,
then you wouldn't dare
take your glass offa the table.
[INHEL]
You're getting hit on purpose?
[FRANKY]
This guy's a bro among bros.
So I'm gonna take every
attack he throws at me.
Out of respect.
He can throw whatever
he's got at me.
I'll still win.
'Cause that's what I'm about!
We're doin' it
Strong Style, baby!
[FRANKY]
It's cute you're concerned,
but this is a man's fight!
So just stand back
and watch me win!
Don't fret, little friends.
I won't let you
lose your freedom.
[DWARVES]
Yeah! Kick his butt, Fraland!
[SEÑOR chuckles]
Your words make me tipsier
than any dive bar
I've ever been to, kid.
[SEÑOR] I'd like to see you
back up that fancy talk.
[FRANKY gasps]
[SEÑOR]
I'll confess.
This body's not as spry
as it used to be,
so my next move is
going to settle this.
How are you two going to fight
when you're so far apart?
Señor! Closer!
[SEÑOR] Hey, pervert,
are you're picking up
what I'm throwing down?
You said you'd take whatever
I can hurl at you, right?
True men don't go
back on their word.
So, let's see you
try surviving this one!
They're outside!
I must watch this
manly battle 'til the end!
[WOMEN]
Señor, go!
If you can withstand
this final blow,
I'll take the loss.
[SEÑOR] I'll accept whatever
attack you wish to dish out.
Bring it on!
[INHEL gasps] He swam straight
up the side of the tower!
What in the heck is
that guy gonna do up there?
[SEÑOR] That's a mean looking
sky today, don't ya think?
[SEÑOR] But if I can
keep flyin', then maybe...
...I can see my Russian.
Russian?
[SEÑOR] Yeah. I'd like to
see my son, Gimlet, too.
[SEÑOR] Unfortunately, gravity's
gonna fight me on this,
and I can't keep flying.
[FRANKY] Hey! What are
you rambling about?
Tell me, Cyborg, your back's
still flesh n' blood, right?
Dammit. You figured that out?
[SEÑOR] Now, shuddup before
you bite your own tongue off.
[FRANKY yelling]
Fraland's real tough!
But can he survive that fall?
Fraland, oh no!
Meow-Meow Suplex!
[SEÑOR]
Baby...
...Buster!
[INHEL]
Fraland!
[WOMEN]
Yay! Go, Señor!
[WOMEN gasp]
[FRANKY]
Remember your words, old man.
Now you'll get to see
what I'm made of.
Huh. You got me there.
[FRANKY grunts]
[SEÑOR]
I'm sorry, Young Master.
All right. Franky Iron Boxing!
[SEÑOR]
He shows no mercy.
Like icy rain, the punches
pour down on me.
Ahh yes, I remember now.
Russian. The day I first met you
and the day you stopped smiling.
[SEÑOR] That cold,
dark rain kept pouring,
just like in my heart.
Ah! It's a wet one
out there, huh?
Whew, I'm drenched. [laughs]
What's so amusing?
Aren't you freezing cold?
It's fine. I love rain.
Feels nice.
[RUSSIAN]
Don't you love it, too?
Huh?
The rain.
[RUSSIAN]
What things don't I like? Hmm...
Oh. Pirates! Hate 'em to death.
So, what do you do? Huh?
Me? I'm, uh, a banker.
[RUSSIAN]
Ohh.
You're home? Welcome back!
Aww. Picked up some more stuff?
Well, lemme see!
Oh, it's so cute!
Thanks, honey.
You're the greatest.
What else did you grab?
Wow! This is adorable,
too! [giggles]
[gunshots]
[SEÑOR]
Move it!
[baby crying]
[RUSSIAN]
There you are!
[RUSSIAN] So, Honey.
What should we name him?
He looks like a Gimlet.
I think that suits him fine.
[GIMLET crying]
Honey?
Where did daddy go?
Oh? What's wrong? Good boy.
It's okay. There's--
There's no need to cry.
[GIMLET crying]
[gasps] Gimlet is dead?
[RUSSIAN]
A week ago, today.
The same day you disappeared.
He came down with
a sudden fever.
I rushed him to the hospital,
but he didn't make it.
[RUSSIAN]
You lied.
[SEÑOR gasps]
You lied! I called
the bank over and over.
But they told me you were
never employed there!
Tell me the truth!
What do you really do
for a living?
Where did the money
come from? Say it!
Hey! Why won't you tell me?
You don't have the right
to be a father anymore! Move!
W-Wait!
Wait! Russian!
It's terrible out here.
You stop following me!
I need to be alone now!
[SEÑOR]
You don't understand, Russian.
There's a reason
I can't tell you the truth.
Pirates! Hate 'em to death.
[SEÑOR]
Russian! Where are you? Russian!
Russian...
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL 715A ringing]
[DOCTOR 715A]
I'm sorry to report
your wife is in
critical condition.
She was trapped under
a landslide during the storm.
She's awake but unresponsive.
A vegetative state?
[DOCTOR 715A]
Exactly, the trauma has left her
with no signs of awareness.
And I'm afraid she
may never recover.
Sad to say, the woman you
once knew is no longer there.
I am not entirely sure
how much time
she has left either.
[SEÑOR]
If only you hadn't met me,
this would have never happened.
Honey. Thanks so much. [giggles]
[SEÑOR] I'm sorry.
I didn't want to lose you.
That's why I lied.
[NURSE 715A] We see that man
come through a lot nowadays.
[NURSE 715B] I heard he's
here to visit his wife.
[NURSE 715A] Oh. He brings her
flowers every day, you know.
I'm kinda envious.
[NURSE 715B]
Aww, don't say that.
[NURSE 715A]
Hm?
[SEÑOR]
I want to hear your voice.
I want to hear you laugh.
[SEÑOR]
Just once more.
I want to see your smile.
[gasps]
[SEÑOR]
Just once more.
Hey, Russian, look here.
I found the same bonnet
that our Gimlet used to wear.
[SEÑOR]
Don't I look like him?
You used to say he had
my face. [chuckles]
[SEÑOR]
I'll do anything.
Just show me that smile.
I-I'm sorry.
That was a poor joke.
And just imagine,
if somebody saw me.
[gasps]
[gasping]
[SEÑOR]
Once more. Just once more.
Russian!
[NARRATOR] Kyros takes
a stand against Diamante,
the man who murdered his wife,
in a harrowing
battle of vengeance.
Just as it appears that
Diamante has the upper hand,
Kyros, on the verge of death,
finds the fight in him
to preserve and shield
his daughter Rebecca
from his murderous intent.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Stardust of Death!
Diamante's Storm
of Vicious Attacks!"
I'm Gonna be
King of the Pirates!